Add faq section (#18)
Fork-It-Community/forkit.community: src/content/event/2024-06-07-rouen.mdx

    level: BRONZE
  - slug: digit
    level: BRONZE
    options:
      - "lunch"
  - slug: village-by-ca
    level: LOGISTIC
faq:

>   - question: How many tickets are available for the event ?
>     answer: There is 50 early bird tickets and 200 tickets in total.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - question: How many tickets are available for the event?
    answer: At the moment, there are 50 early bird tickets available before the full price. In total, only 200 tickets will be available.
```

  - question: In which languages will the talks be delivered?

>     answer: The talks will be delivered in both French and English, with live translation provided.

Reviewer 2: c'est ambigu on pourrait croire qu'un talk est donné dans les deux langues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    answer: Talks can be provided in any language (French or English are recommended). Fork it! Community will provide live translations to the attendees.
```
